README.rst, before:

cartridge-stripe
================

Stripe_ credit card processing integration with Cartridge_.

.. _Cartridge: htps://cartridge.jupo.org
.. _Stripe: https://stripe.com/docs

==========
Install
==========

Follow the installation instructions of django-zebra_.

.. _django-zebra: https://github.com/GoodCloud/django-zebra#installation

::

    pip install cartridge-stripe

add to 'INSTALLED_APPS' above 'cartridge.shop' to override the checkout template
or copy it to your templates dir.

::

    INSTALLED_APPS = (
        # ...
        'cartridge_stripe',
        'cartridge.shop',
        # More stuff...
        )


=======
Style
=======

Add some sort of style for 'div.payment-errors' which will display validation
errors from stripe.

::

    div.payment-errors {
        color: #F00;
    }


=====
Done!
=====

Now your checkout flow should have card validation and the Stripe order number
linked to the purchase.

=====
Feedback
=====

I'm open to bugs and pull requests. Just run pep8 first.

Commit message:

added SHOP_HANDLER_PAYMENT to install instructions

README.rst, after:

cartridge-stripe
================

Stripe_ credit card processing integration with Cartridge_.

.. _Cartridge: htps://cartridge.jupo.org
.. _Stripe: https://stripe.com/docs

==========
Install
==========

Follow the installation instructions of django-zebra_.

.. _django-zebra: https://github.com/GoodCloud/django-zebra#installation

::

    pip install cartridge-stripe

add to 'INSTALLED_APPS' above 'cartridge.shop' to override the checkout template
or copy it to your templates dir.

::

    INSTALLED_APPS = (
        # ...
        'cartridge_stripe',
        'cartridge.shop',
        # More stuff...
        )


Update the `SHOP_HANDLER_PAYMENT` to use your shiney new app.

::

    SHOP_HANDLER_PAYMENT = "cartridge_stripe.payment_handler"

=======
Style
=======

Add some sort of style for 'div.payment-errors' which will display validation
errors from stripe.

::

    div.payment-errors {
        color: #F00;
    }


=====
Done!
=====

Now your checkout flow should have card validation and the Stripe order number
linked to the purchase.

=====
Feedback
=====

I'm open to bugs and pull requests. Just run pep8 first.
